alright here's something new I'd like to try. 
I'd like to download every documentation page of the Camunda 7 manual. 
I would like the documentation to be available as a text file. 
In my current repo, can you create a new folder with this "scraper"? 
The camunda manual website has a menu frame on the left side containing the ToC. 
And the data is displayed in the middle div. I'm interested in the information in this middle div.
As of now the latest version is 7.23, this is the documentation page: https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.23
It would suffice to scrape every page there. You can divide each scraped chapter (e.g Introduction, User Guide) into a separate file.
You can use the div with class "site-menu" to setup up the TOC.
The content of each chapter can be found in the div with class "container-fluid"
Example partial output: file: 1.Introduction.txt

Introduction 
Welcome to the Camunda Manual! Camunda is a Java-based framework supporting BPMN
...

Chapters:
Download
Licenses
Implemented Standards
...

#Download 
content of div "container-fluid" in Download

#Licenses
content of div "container-fluid" in Licenses

Be aware that every subchapter in Introduction such as Download, License, Implemented Standards and so on have its own content.
My intent is to place the content of a chapter and its subchapters in a single file.
Meaning we will only end up with 8 text files one for each Chapter. Each file containg the content of the sub chapter belonging to that chapter.
Please finish one chapter before moving on to the next.
I want to use the documentation as additional context to communicate better with Copilot. 
You can create a simple TypeScript webscraper to achieve this.
Place the scraper into it's own directory called camunda-documentation
Place the scraped pages into the folder output within camunda-documentation
Using get requests should be enough since there is no authentication.
Please use an appropriate sleep between get requests to not flood their servers.
Images found on the manual pages can be ignored.
Please run the scraper after you've finished coding it, and also verify that the output folder is being filled correctly.
Please also add enough logging so I can following along the scraping process.